distribute dear friends with you klamp
Litvin and today we will tell you that
new and interesting appeared on
Russian channels Lodz players and
also what is worth seeing and what games
popular this week so what
getting started
today in the release of the cooperative dark souls
mass extermination of zombies and wild
wild tomato in the wild wild west
as well as many other mass
zombie kills over exit 2
new passages on the game thailand rip
tight the first one from the arthur block and
Artem from the channel art games quarters and
vacation do not cease to be gross lamas
gutted atmosphere and wild fan all that
you need to relax after a day in
The second case was his company
wisely and also wild fan
commit genocide zombies dad passage
deserves attention but what to see
it's up to you just recently jack
Shepard and Artem from the channel dark horse game
channel started very strange but from
this no less interesting cooperative
passing the dark souls what most
catches in this so look at that
as the same place passes
inexperienced player and man past the game
however, this is not the only way
please us jack channel on it you
You can also find a column of uploaded games.
which is concentrated
fun especially under the accelerated voice
shepard and also our brave captain
started my journey on
post apocalyptic america fallout 3
and continued to run for 3 gothic breaks
between the extermination of zombies and genocide
zombie arthur began to spread
indie horror who have been waiting for so long
but of course the complete passage of all
silent hill franchise parts
makes you wait well and smoothly
evenly traversed on the channel but
Artem does not rest in these breaks
the game of mars passes and also the group of
clouds to us about the importance of light clowns by the way
This is the first game in his passing game.
as art
and of course a great passage
games distant cry 3 bloody his mother
dragon brand nasal voice and
absolutely crazy game what else is needed
to remember 90 and so on channel
There are several releases of the program
stone age but unfortunately streams
something long gone and the Hustler
resting on a zombie theme
humiliates old age and presses under
whole school in the game of boules on
entertainment channel tomatoes for
lattice started the passage of the game call
of juarez sort of call of duty on the wild
west
Yes, and in anticipation of release
kind of worth remembering the game well for
this is where my part ends and i
I give the floor to quinnies hello swami
quina
and I have stuck to you news of those bad times
who else is far from 100 thousand at the border
subscribers and so me sleep eyes dad
I can recommend with a clear conscience
to you on klamp channel except ours
dead space to go
the passage is very cute and very
originally go toys million game
good game revolution telling us
way to remember the old games accompaniment
will help us in this also on his channel
there is a very original game or rather
graphic novel but it's not easy on
level rating of 18+ so children scat
from the monitors on the channel of the girl
handle ivan tevs
eat passing real play play by
final fantasy 9 lovers 3 cruise
judges enter but remember everyone
how was it or just to join
culture
arzy channel recommended
makes us happy with the passage of the toy speech
especially nice when a person is sincere
worries about the plot because of the hero channel
explay about can please on its
numerous cops on shoot games
many robots war z grandfather island then it is
same passage mass effect 2
if you are a beginner and do
interesting video went to our group in
contact familiar with the rules and
posting your news and so release
coming to an end with you was cream and
Klamp look and play and only in the
it is better